The project is a simulation of the stock market where players get a number of 
stocks and economic indicators on which the stock price is based on. The player
then needs to apply machine learning to predict the stock prices and buy and 
sell the stocks on the market to increase the value of their portfolio. 

Structure:
    Simulator Class: this class generates the economic indicators and stock price
    each round. It will first create the test data for the player to learn by
    generating a number of rounds of economic indicators and stock prices.
    It will then go into live mode where it notifies the Market it is a new 
    round and give it the indicators whereafter the market will get the player
    trades. The Simulator will then update the price of each stock based on a 
    secret formula based on the economic indicators. This continues until the 
    the round limit is hit or Player goes bankrupt. At the end of the game the 
    Simulator prints out the score.
    
    Each Stock is calculated based off a formula in the form:
    New Price = (Previous price) + (-1 - 1)*Indicator1 ... (-1 - 1) * IndicatorN  
    + (.01 - .2) * previous price. 
    
    The starting price of the stock is anything from $10 to $500 and each indicator 
    has a 20% chance of not affecting the stock. 
    
    The Economic indicators are changed randomly. With a future implementation idea 
    to have them move in trends. 
    
    Market Class: this class holds the stocks, economic indicators and the 
    player's portfolios. The Market begins by giving the Players the training
    data and asking them to learn the stocks. Every subsequent round it asks 
    the player to trade and completes the buy or sell. 
    
    Player Class: has two methods, Learn and Trade. The Learn method takes in the
    starting historical data of the economic indicators and the stocks for the 
    Player to build a model. The Trade method applies the stock model to the current
    Economic Indicators and decides to buy or sell stocks and how much. It then tells
    the market to place the trade by returning a list of trades for the market to 
    process. 
    
    Stock Class: This holds the stock price and historical prices based on round
    
    Portfolio Class: This holds a player's current capital and their stocks
    
    Trade Class: This holds the info the Market uses to make a trade 
  
  ------------
Ideas for future implementations:

    Give List of other portfolios in multiplayer version
    look into having a certain amount of stock in the markt

    Done Tweak Stock coefficients to have very different trends
    Done Market to give the portfolio during place trade

    Done Make a copy of the indicators and stocks to give to the players
            Done  make trade based on original stock price
    Done - Be able to give a copy of the portfolio 
    Done - Add small charge for each transaction 
    Done - Load parameters
    Done - update stock popularity price change to use current values

    Done - Sell before the buy 
    Done - Economic indicators need to have trends (if going up, more
              likely to go up)
                - if previous was negative, then a large % chance the next one is negative
                    - if the amount going up is small a smaller chance of staying the same direction
    Done - Adjust Stock price depending on the player's buying and selling actions
    
    Done - Have range for economic indicators
        - 
    -Println for failure to buy changes to warnings
    -Short and Long
       Let the player offer to buy or sell the stock at a price in the future. 
           Needed actions: 
             -Simulator needs to create a band in which the price might be 
              in to avoid the player offering to sell at very low price or 
              sell at very high prices
             -Market must keep a record of the trade to happen in the future
             
             
    -GUI